1, Are you sneezing a lot ?
2, Are your eyes painful or watering a lot ? 
3, Do you have a sore throat ? 
4, Is your voice hoarse ? 
5, Are you coughing a lot ? 
6, Do you have a runny nose ?
7, Do you have a headache or - in general - Do you suffer from headaches at all ? 
8, Do you have a high temperature (over 100 f say) ? 
9, Do you spend a lot of your time in a very dusty atmosphere ? 
10, Does your skin itch ? 
11, Do you have a dry throat ? 
12, Is your breath wheezy' ? 
13, Is your nose very 'blocked up' ? 
14, Have you had a cold or similar infection recently ? 
15, Do you feel generally ill ? 
16, Do you have trouble swallowing ? 
17, Do your muscles ache ? 
18, Do you have any pain at all in your chest ? 
19, Have you had your tonsils removed ? 
20, Do you have any symptoms which tend to occur in 'attacks' rather than being present all the time ? 
21, Do you have a 'productive' cough - a cough in which you bring something up ? 
22, Are you rather breathless ? 
23, Do you sweat a lot - not just when you exert yourself between you are apparently relaxing as well ? 
24, Is your pulse rate high ? normally it should be about 0 to 80 beats each mlnute and sllghtly faster for people over 70 or under 20
25, Do you have severe attacks of breathlessness - enough to seriously worry you ?
26, Does your skin have a bluish tinge ?
27, When you cough is your phlegm stained with blood ?
28, Are you confused - muddled about what's going on around you ? 
29, Are you (or the patent) delirious - talking incoherently with poor muscular coordination ?
30, Do you have a dry (non-productive) cough ?
31, Is it painful when you breathe or cough ? 
32, Do you ever have any really severe pain in your chest ? 
33, Do you swing between feeling chilled and feeling feverish ? 
34, Do you have any symptoms which have been present for some time - possibly six weeks or more ?  
35, Do you have 'clubbed fingers' ?  - these are fingers in which the cuticles have almost disappeared and the nails curve over at the finger tips 
36, Do you have any symptoms which mainly occur when you exert yourself ?  
37, Do you smoke ?  to reply divide the number of cigarettes you smoke by 5 - use this number to reply if you smoke 20 a day reply 4). 5 is the maximum reply and -5 means you do not smoke. 
38, Do you suffer from feelings of dizziness ?  
39, Do you have palpitations ? - the feeling that your heart is beating more strongly or faster or more unevenly than it should. 
40, Is either of your ankles unduly swollen ? 
41, Are you vomiting or do you have strong feelings of nausea ? 
42, Do you have any abdominal pain ? This is pain anywhere between the bottom of the ribcage and the groin. 
43, Do you suffer from diarrhea ? - Passing unusually runny faces. 
44, Have you had your appendix removed ?  
45, Do you have jaundice ? this is not a disease but a symptom of a disease. often it is most obvious in the eyes the whites become yellow. 
46, Are you rather tense and apprehensive ? 
47, Do you find it hard to get to sleep or do you often wake in the middle of the night ? 
48, Do you have any involuntary twitching or trembling ?  
49, Do you suffer from constipation ?  passing faeces infrequently or with difficulty. 
50, Do you have a poor memory ? that is - difficulty in remembering individual faces either occasionally or regularly. 
51, Have you totally or nearly lost the power of speech 
52, Have you experienced any bleeding from your back passage ?  
53, Are you male ? 
54, Is your neck stiff and/or painful ?  
55, Have you sustained any kind of head injury over the last few weeks ? even a very slight injury can be important. 
56, Have you recently been passing abnormal-looking faeces ?  
57, Are you passing large quantities of wind - either by belching or flatulence ?  
58, Do you have sudden feelings of faintness - feeling weak and unsteady maybe even losing consciousness ? 
59, Does any part of your body itch - with or without the presence of any rash ?  
60, Do you have a skin rash of any sort ? 
61, Is any part of your body numb - or Do you have a tingling 'pins and needles' sensation anywhere ? 
62, Are you overweight or underweight ? reply 5 for definite overweight and -5 for definite underweight. Reply 0 if your weight is just right. 
63, Do you have any pain in your face or forehead ? 
64, Do you have any swellings under the skin ?
65, Are you urinating unusually frequently ?
66, Is your urine abnormally colored ?
67, Is it painful when you urinate ?  
68, Is your vision impaired in any way blurring or double vision or seeing flashing lights ?  (this does not include defects which can be corrected by spectacles). 

